Create ui-c8y-1018-503-107-the-branding-editor-was-sometimes-running-into-issues-4918-graft-release.md (#2285)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1018-503-107-the-branding-editor-was-sometimes-running-into-issues-4918-graft-release.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed an issue with the branding editor sometimes not working correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Branding editor works reliably again
```

> title: the branding editor was sometimes running into issues (#4918) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6737)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fixed an issue with the branding editor sometimes not working correctly
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-56446
version: 1018.503.107
---

> the branding editor was sometimes running into issues (#4918) [GRAFT][release/y2024] (#6737)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some cases, the branding editor in the Cumulocity IoT platform was not working as expected and users experienced problems when trying to edit the branding. This issue has now been resolved. With this fix, users can reliably use the branding editor again to customize the look and feel of their Cumulocity IoT experience without running into any problems.
```

> In some cases, the branding editor in the Cumulocity IoT platform was not working as expected and users experienced problems when trying to edit the branding. This issue has now been resolved. With this fix, users can reliably use the branding editor again to customize the look and feel of their Cumulocity IoT experience without running into any problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, the Branding editor in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform was not working as expected and users experienced problems when trying to edit the branding. This issue has now been resolved and users can reliably use the Branding editor again to customize the look and feel of their {{< product-c8y-iot >}} experience.
```
